Minor fix for contributing FAQ (#1579)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: FAQ.md

Keep in mind, though, that the tests are meant to be run _before_ the scripts, so make sure to restore any files the scripts edit/create before re-running the tests. (Or just ignore the new errors/warnings that resulted from running the scripts.)

> Also, remember **not to commit the merged files**!

Reviewer: Perhaps you mean?
```suggestion
Also, remember **not to commit the files generated by the scripts**!
```
